=== ABOUT ANTONIA POLYGON ===

Antonia is an original Poser figure by Olaf Delgado-Friedrichs
(Antonia.Polygon@gmail.com or odf at renderosity.com) with
contributions from phantom3D, MikeJ and others.

Antonia was created using Wings3D, Poser and DAZ Studio, as well as a
number of home-made software tools. As of October 2008, the
development of the figure has been documented and discussed in the
Poser forum at Renderosity (http://www.renderosity.com), and the
project owes a lot to the continuing feedback and support of the
Renderosity community.

Please note that Antonia is not a commercial figure and has been
developed over several years on the various contributors' spare time.
Because of this, you may not find everything you'd expect from a
full-fledged Poser figure right in this package. Some extra content
such as textures, clothing, pose sets and so on is available from
BlueEcho's Antonia site (see below), and more may be found across the
web.

Please note that while Antonia itself is provided free of charge with
very liberal licensing, this is not necessarily true for related
content that is distributed separately. In particularly, the creation
of commercial packages based on or related to Antonia is explicitly
encouraged.

Obviously, if you use Antonia for any published or commercial work, I
would love to hear about it. If you redistribute Antonia or any
derivative work, you must, according to the license (see below),
acknowledge me as the original creator of the figure, but you do not
have to ask for my permission.


For further information and free content, visit these sites:

Home page:    http://sites.google.com/site/antoniapolygon
Wiki:         http://www.renderosity.com/mod/rrwiki/index.php/Antonia
Free content: http://www.bluecho4u3d.com/Antonia
Cutting edge: http://github.com/odf/Antonia.Polygon


=== ABOUT THIS RELEASE (VERSION 1.2.0) ===

This is the second stable release of Antonia Polygon. Please note that
poses and full-body morphs made for version 1.0.0 and earlier may not
work on this version, since the former 'hip2' actor has been renamed
to 'hip' and the former 'hip' actor to 'waist'. The change became
necessary in order to make Wardrobe Wizard support possible.

In general, it should be very easy to update files using the old actor
names: replace 'hip' with 'waist' everywhere in the file, and then
replace 'waist2' with 'hip'. Be careful if your file contains 'hip' or
'waist' as parts of longer words, though. For example, a brute-force
replacement as described above would turn the word 'shipment' into
'swaistment'.

Currently, only Poser 6 and later are supported. The base figure
should however work fine with Poser 4 and most software that can
accept Poser 4 content.


=== LICENSING ===

This work is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0
Unported License. To view a copy of this license, visit
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/ or send a letter to
Creative Commons, 171 Second Street, Suite 300, San Francisco,
California, 94105, USA.


=== WHAT THE LICENSE MEANS ===

(DISCLAIMER: The following is not a license and has no legal
implications.  It is simply a human-readable expression of the
key-terms of the license.  It is based on the license deed as provided
by Creative Commons under the URL
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0, with a modification in the
last sentence.)

You are free:

    * to Share — to copy, distribute and transmit the work
    * to Remix — to adapt the work

Under the following conditions:

    * Attribution — You must attribute the work in the manner
      specified by the author or licensor (but not in any way that
      suggests that they endorse you or your use of the work).

With the understanding that:

    * Waiver — Any of the above conditions can be waived if you get
      permission from the copyright holder.
    * Other Rights — In no way are any of the following rights
      affected by the license:
          o Your fair dealing or fair use rights;
          o The author's moral rights;
          o Rights other persons may have either in the work itself or
            in how the work is used, such as publicity or privacy
            rights.
    * Notice — For any reuse or distribution, you must make clear to
      others the license terms of this work. The best way to do this
      is by including a copy of this file or a link to Antonia's
      homepage at http://sites.google.com/site/antoniapolygon/.
